Fix Some Threat Submission Doc Issues (#18277)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-threatsubmissionroot.md

---
title: "threatSubmissionRoot resource type"
description: "Represents threat submission root"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# threatSubmissionRoot resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Threat submission root is a unified threat submission node under `security`. It is singleton instance without methods and provides the unified threat submission API surface to customers. 

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The Id. Inherited from [entity](../resources/entity.md).|

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |emailThreats|[microsoft.graph.security.emailThreatSubmission](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmission.md) collection|The collection contains email threat submissions.|
> |emailThreatSubmissionPolicies|[microsoft.graph.security.emailThreatSubmissionPolicy](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy.md) collection|The collection contains email threat submission policies.|
> |fileThreats|[microsoft.graph.security.fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) collection|The collection contains file threat submissions.|
> |urlThreats|[microsoft.graph.security.urlThreatSubmission](../resources/security-urlthreatsubmission.md) collection|The collection contains url threat submissions.|

Reviewer: Proposed descriptions:
```suggestion
| emailThreats | [microsoft.graph.security.emailThreatSubmission](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmission.md) collection. | Reports suspected spam, malware or phishing emails to Microsoft Defender for Office 365. |
| emailThreatSubmissionPolicies | [microsoft.graph.security.emailThreatSubmissionPolicy](../resources/security-emailthreatsubmissionpolicy.md) collection. | Represents the guidelines of an organization to report potential threats and spam messages. |
| fileThreats | [microsoft.graph.security.fileThreatSubmission](../resources/security-filethreatsubmission.md) collection. | Represents threat submissions related to a file. |
| urlThreats | [microsoft.graph.security.urlThreatSubmission](../resources/security-urlthreatsubmission.md) collection. | Represent a threat submission related to a URL. |
```
